docs: cssChunking graph option (#95693)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/cssChunking.mdx

```tsx filename="next.config.ts" switcher
import type { NextConfig } from 'next'

const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    cssChunking: 'graph',
  },
} satisfies NextConfig

export default nextConfig
```

```js filename="next.config.js" switcher
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    cssChunking: 'graph',
  },
}

module.exports = nextConfig
```

To shift that balance, pass an object instead. Both `requestCost` and `weightDistribution` are optional, so include only the one you want to change:

```tsx filename="next.config.ts" switcher
import type { NextConfig } from 'next'

const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    cssChunking: {
      type: 'graph',
      requestCost: 100000,
      weightDistribution: 0.1,
    },
  },
} satisfies NextConfig

export default nextConfig
```

```js filename="next.config.js" switcher
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    cssChunking: {
      type: 'graph',
      requestCost: 100000,
      weightDistribution: 0.1,
    },
  },
}

module.exports = nextConfig
```

> - **`requestCost`** (default `100000`): the estimated cost, in bytes, of each additional CSS request. Larger values bias toward fewer, larger shared chunks, and fewer requests overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`requestCost`** (default `20000`): the estimated cost, in bytes, of each additional CSS request. Larger values bias toward fewer, larger shared chunks, and fewer requests overall.
```

> - **`weightDistribution`** (default `0.1`): controls how a shared chunk's cost is distributed across the routes that load it, weighted by how much CSS each route imports. `0` weights every route equally; higher values give more weight to routes that import less CSS, so the algorithm ships them less unused CSS at the expense of more requests overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`weightDistribution`** (default `0.1`): controls how a shared chunk's cost is distributed across the routes that load it, weighted by how much CSS each route imports. `0` weights every route equally; higher values give more weight to routes that import less CSS, so the algorithm prioritizes routes with less CSS, assuming extra CSS is less noticeable on large routes.
```
